Blog about changed name of `WaterHeaterEntityDescription` (#2494)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2024-12-13-water-heater-entity-description.md

---
author: L Boué
authorURL: https://github.com/lboue
authorTwitter: lboue
title: "Changed name of WaterHeaterEntityDescription"
---

> A naming error was found in the water heater code integration. So we renamed `WaterHeaterEntityEntityDescription` to `WaterHeaterEntityDescription`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A naming error of the entity description was found in the Water Heater integration, and we have now renamed `WaterHeaterEntityEntityDescription` to `WaterHeaterEntityDescription`.
```

---
author: L Boué
authorURL: https://github.com/lboue
authorTwitter: lboue

> title: "Fix typo in WaterHeaterEntityDescription name"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Changed name of WaterHeaterEntityDescription"
```

---

> A naming error was found in the water heater code componant. So we renamed `WaterHeaterEntityEntityDescription` to `WaterHeaterEntityDescription`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A naming error was found in the water heater code integration. So we renamed `WaterHeaterEntityEntityDescription` to `WaterHeaterEntityDescription`.
```

> This should have no effect because:
> - no core integrations are using this entity description
> - no custom integrations published on HACS are using this entity description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As there were no Core integrations and no custom integrations published on HACS using the entity description, we did not add a deprecation period. The changed entity description will be released in the 2025.1 release.
```
